JS Task:

    Promisify setTimout
    Consume the promise using .then syntax
    Consume the promise using async await (do not forget to wrap in a function)
    Do not forget to catch errors
    
    
    
    
    
    Classwork:1. Create an object that contains information about the make/model of a car2. Create a function outside the object which returns the make/model of the car3. Insert a reference to the function into the object created at q14. Invoke the method on the object (you should see the make/model)5. Use call to execute the function at point 2 using a different context6. Use bind to create an instance of the function that is bound to a different object7. Create an array of objects8. Duplicate the array (deep clone)9. Use a try/catch block to ensure you understand the syntax10. Create a constructor function (based on the Make/Model from earlier)11. Create two instances of it12. Add a function to the prototype13. Ensure you use “this” so function chaining works
    
    
    
    
    
    
        Create a function, inside the function add a second function, and again add a third function into the second function.
        Create 3 variables.
        Define 3 the variables in the correct place so that:
    
        The first variable is accessible inside every function
        The second variable is accessible inside the second and third function only
        The third variable is accessible inside the third function only
    
     
    4. Define a 4th variable inside the 3rd function. This variable should be accessible by every function
    5. Create a scope inside the 3rd function, place a variable inside it that is only accessible inside that scope
6. Write a function closure that contains an age and returns it when calle







    Create a function that accepts two numbers, adds them and returns the result.
    Create a defensive check inside the function that handles if the inputs to the function are invalid/non existent.
    Create a timer than console.logs a message after 5 seconds
    Create a timer than consoles.logs a message every 5 seconds
    Write a function with the following behavior
      -     takes an array as a parameter
      -     reverses the order of the array
      -     returns the reversed array
    Write out each of the array methods so you become familiar with the syntax:

    Pop
    Push
    Shift
    Unshift
    Concatenating
    Splicing
    Slicing
    Reverse
    Join
    forEach
    Includes
    indexOf
    Every
    Some
    Filter
    Find
    findIndex
    Sort
    Map

 
10. Create an array of objects, map over the objects and create li tags for each item in the array (use the map method) (edited) 








    Create an array with 10 items
    Update one of the items
    Delete half of the array
    Create an object with 3 keys/values
    Update one of the values
    Add a new key/value
    Add a new key/value by dynamically setting the key name
    Use an if statement to check if the array contains more than 5 items, console log a different message based on if it does or does not.
    Convert the if statement to a ternary and then console log the result (you can not console log inside the ternary)
    Create a loop that iterates over an array of numbers and uses console.log to show each item in the array
    Modify each number in the array to be itself * 2 (use the loop)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
        In a series of variables store:
    
    a.        A string
    b.        A number
    c.        A Boolean
    d.       Add two numbers
    e.       Concatenate two string
    f.        Store in a variable someone’s name, age and height. Choose between an object and an array
    g.       Store another 3 people with different data
    h.       Use Math.round and toFixed to change the number 9.789 to be round and have two decimal places
i.        Make the person name in the object upper case (edited) 









Project 2:Create a JS based web site that allows the user to see weather in a given location

     Just like here - https://practical-mcnulty-b8423f.netlify.app/

This is the more simple api - https://openweathermap.org/api/hourly-forecastThis is the more complex with more features - https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-apiYou can let the user enter a location or use the geolocation api, if time permits offer both!Tips:Create a key at least 4 hours before you begin
Start by just getting data into the console
Then insert some data into the DOM
Then insert all the data into the DOM
Then add css classes to make it look nice
Then solve adding the imagesThis will take classwork into the end of next week!










Classwork:

Create a class then represents anything you like
Create a class that extends the first class
Create a class that extends the second class
Make sure each class has at least one method and one piece of data unique to it
Create an instance of the final class
Write out an example of the following syntax
import/export of a function/variable from another file (both default and named)
fat arrow function
fat arrow function with default parameters
object destructuring
array destructuring